Privacy Policy
Kawai Purple Wallpaper HD built this app as a Free application. This SERVICE is provided by Kawai Purple at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any personal information from users of this app.

However, the app may use third-party services (such as AdMob or Google Analytics) that may collect information used to identify you. Links to the privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app:

Google Play Services

AdMob

Log Data
Whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies
This app does not use cookies directly. However, third-party services used in the app may use cookies to collect information.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at:
[elaveq@gmail.com]
